fix(pharos-site): update component documentation copy based on review (#100)
ithaka/pharos: packages/pharos-site/static/guidelines/checkbox.docs.mdx

<PageSection
  title="Usage"
  description="The checkbox component is used to provide multiple options the user can select, including all or none. They work independently from each other, therefore checking an additional box does not affect the other selections. Checkboxes are not mutually exclusive."
>
  <PageSection title="Alignment" subSectionLevel={1}>
    <p>
      Labels for checkboxes are placed to the right of the checkbox. If there's a checkbox group,
      the options can be vertically or horizontally stacked, depending on the use case and UI needs.

>       Have the checkboxes vertically stacked is preferable for better readability.

Reviewer: "Have" should at least be "Having," but I think this flows better:

```suggestion
      Vertically stacking the checkboxes is preferable for better readability.
```
